gh-103968: Deprecate creating heap types whose metaclass has custom tp_new. (#103972)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  available on debug builds.  If you happen to be using it then you'll
  need to start using ``_Py_GetGlobalRefTotal()``.

* The following functions now select an appropriate metaclass for the newly
  created type:

  * :c:func:`PyType_FromSpec`
  * :c:func:`PyType_FromSpecWithBases`
  * :c:func:`PyType_FromModuleAndSpec`

  Creating classes whose metaclass overrides :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_new`

>   is deprecated, and in Python 3.14+ it will be no longer allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is deprecated, and in Python 3.14+ it will be disallowed.
```

* ``_PyErr_ChainExceptions`` is deprecated. Use ``_PyErr_ChainExceptions1``
  instead. (Contributed by Irit Katriel in :gh:`102192`.)

* Using :c:func:`PyType_FromSpec`, :c:func:`PyType_FromSpecWithBases`
  or :c:func:`PyType_FromModuleAndSpec` to create a class whose metaclass

>   overrides :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_new`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  overrides :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_new` is deprecated.
```
